a family of warthogs gives the adults a
chance to show just how it should be
done in long grass the initial approach
can be rapid she aims to narrow the gap
as fast as possible ideally to less than
30 meters crucially she matches each
move to her preys reactions if it looks
up she stops if it looks away she goes
on in a series of fits and starts she
gradually closes the gap as she gets
closer she moves more slowly and her
profile melts into the grass lands find
it hard to outrun their prey every inch
nearer will tilt the odds in her favor
only her tail betrays her emotion now
even padded souls are a liability she
turns her foot fur is quarter in her
charge she reaches 35 miles an hour but
after 100 meters her energies flags now
teamwork shows its value one warthog
won't go far so they squabble for a
share my victory may be short-lived
the Cubs are now regular meat eaters but
they also eat far more scrounging from
the male will prove harder the cub rolls
in submission the aggression triggered
by the kill affects them too the pride
is forced to bide its time but their
chance may never come